What's impossible?
Your parents don’t want to be born in the underworld,
Therefore, he pulls himself away from the enemy and kills him,
I thought you wouldn't survive Sanri, but I didn't expect that,
Because that foreskin has moved its mind,
I pulled out his vagina and made a deal with him,
I hope you grow up safely. Unexpectedly,
In this interlocking conversation, in this matter,
It's all his fault.
What are you going to do? A hundred years ago, you
There is a ninth brother of life and death, this time,
It was he who came to your father's court,
Our plan will always go wrong,
raise you up,
Wait until he finds something to show his affection for you
Let you enter Yingfen again
Sand him again
But who would have thought that you would be afraid of ruining it?
This favor is all based on flesh and blood.
We have been dependent on each other for these eighteen years
I won't let you send this
We will definitely find a way, grandpa
It's really not possible
I'll go and make plans with him
There must be something you can do
Chen Xuantian is getting late
You go back and rest, brother
I'm tired too
All rested
For six years
I want to give you this
You need to find someone else for protection
It's you. Have you met my grandfather?
when you crash
It’s not for nothing that you are counterfeiting us
The old man and grandpa went to find him
I know thank you
Bring a small fire
He has been capable for a long time